>> Mike North: Now,
the defenses against this kinda thing is
be restrictive on file upload types,
right?
So don't just allow users
to upload arbitrary things.
Put due consideration as
you add new file types.
Don't trust extensions.
>> Mike North: Don't really trust
advertise mime types either.
And the more you let your users share
files, the more it becomes just a dumping
ground for people to drop traps for
other users.
I mean, there are certain sites
that allow just arbitrary uploads.
And photo sites have turned
into this in some cases,
where they're not restrictive at all,
and it just becomes a total wasteland of
cross-site scripting hell.
>> Mike North: For images,
the thing you wanna do is actually pretty
simple, and it's already a best practice.
You just wanna compress images, right?
Anything that will attempt
to reduce images in size,
it's generally going to start
by dropping online visible data.
That's the easiest thing to do first.
I mean, and a great tool to use
is Image Magic, if you use that.
It is available, ports to a variety
of different programming languages.
But anything that tries to shrink these
things down, before it does all this
sophisticated work figure out like is this
color palate a little bit too specific and
can we drop some colors,
that is the fifth or
sixth level of optimization after
it looks like there is some
stuff that doesn't have anything to
do with pixels show on the screen.
Get rid of it.
>> Mike North: And also,
as you add more attachment types, make
sure you research capabilities thoroughly.
PDFs are one that people often overlook
because it seems like a document, right?
Most of the things we
receive are documents.
And we have system viewers like
Mac ships with a PDF viewer, but
you can embed dynamic code into a PDF.
It's rare to see these, but if you
download the slides and click this link,
it'll take you to Adobe's documentation
for JavaScript that can run inside a PDF.
So you load it, it runs it.
And this can, for some browsers,
depending on how permissions are set,
it can just start running right away.
And remember, if you're already
depending on this technology,
say that you use this for your
application, you want to give people maybe
reports where they can open the PDF and
it's like an animated graph or something.
That sounds great, but at this point now,
users have set their permissions for
your domain saying all right,
now you can run dynamic stuff in a PDF.
And that is now a vector for
someone to do nasty stuff.